update the ZMK firmware descritpion (#33)
Bastardkb/bastardkb.github.io: help/bluetooth.md

# Firmware

> The firmware can be downloaded from the [charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware](https://github.com/280Zo/charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware) repository by opening the [Actions Workflows](https://github.com/280Zo/charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware/actions?query=is%3Acompleted+branch%3Amain), selecting latest successful run on the main branch, then downloading the `firmware-charybdis-nanov2-qwerty` artifacr. There's also a colemak dh firmware for those that want to use that layout. Note that you have to be logged into Github to be able to download the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The firmware can be downloaded from the [charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware](https://github.com/280Zo/charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware) repository by opening the [Actions Workflows](https://github.com/280Zo/charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware/actions?query=is%3Acompleted+branch%3Amain), selecting latest successful run on the main branch, then downloading the `firmware-charybdis-nanov2-qwerty` artifact. There's also a colemak dh firmware for those that want to use that layout. Note that you have to be logged into Github to be able to download the files.
```
Typo fix

To add support for the PMW3610 sensor, [inorichi's driver](https://github.com/inorichi/zmk-pmw3610-driver?tab=readme-ov-file) is included in the firmware, along with 
[Petejohanson's work](https://github.com/petejohanson/zmk/blob/feat/pointers-move-scroll/docs/docs/behaviors/mouse-emulation.md) to allow mouse keys.

> The firmware is heavily influenced by Miryoku and homerow mods that use bilateral combinations to make typing as efficient and ergonomic as possible. If you'd like to see the key layout, a layer map is available on the repo's [README](https://github.com/280Zo/charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The firmware is heavily influenced by Miryoku and home row mods that use bilateral combinations to make typing as efficient and ergonomic as possible. If you'd like to see the key layout, a layer map is available on the repo's [README](https://github.com/280Zo/charybdis-wireless-mini-zmk-firmware).
```
Spelling
